csi: option to customize csi driver name prefix (#13622)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Ceph-CSI/ceph-csi-drivers.md

provisioner value should be `my-namespace.rbd.csi.ceph.com`. The same provisioner
name must be set in both the storageclass and snapshotclass.

## Configure custom Driver name prefix for CSI Drivers

> To use a custom prefix for the CSI drivers, you need to set the

Reviewer: Let's mention that the namespace is the default prefix
```suggestion
To use a custom prefix for the CSI drivers instead of the namespace prefix, set the
```

`CSI_DRIVER_NAME_PREFIX` environment variable in the operator configmap. For

> instance, to use the prefix `my-prefix` for the CSI drivers, you can set the

Reviewer: Don't say "you" in the documentation, just use the command form to be more direct.
```suggestion
instance, to use the prefix `my-prefix` for the CSI drivers, set the
```

following in the operator configmap:

```console
kubectl patch cm rook-ceph-operator-config -n rook-ceph -p $'data:\n "CSI_DRIVER_NAME_PREFIX": "my-prefix"'
```

Once the configmap is updated, the CSI drivers will be deployed with the

> `my-prefix` prefix. You must set the same prefix in both the storageclass and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`my-prefix` prefix. The same prefix must be set in both the storageclass and
```

> snapshotclass. For example, if you want to use the prefix `my-prefix` for the

Reviewer: There are a few other places to change, I won't mention them all
```suggestion
snapshotclass. For example, to use the prefix `my-prefix` for the
```

CSI drivers, you can set the following in the storageclass:

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
  name: rook-ceph-block-sc
provisioner: my-prefix.rbd.csi.ceph.com
...
```

> Same prefix must be set in the volumesnapshotclass as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same prefix must be set in the volumesnapshotclass as well:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: snapshot.storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: VolumeSnapshotClass
metadata:
  name: rook-ceph-block-vsc
driver: my-prefix.rbd.csi.ceph.com
...
```

> Please note that for the RBD driver, the prefix will be

Reviewer: How about a bullet list?
```suggestion
When the prefix is set, the driver names will be:
- RBD: `my-prefix.rbd.csi.ceph.com`
- CephFS: ...
- NFS: ...
```

`my-prefix.rbd.csi.ceph.com`, for the CephFS driver, the prefix will be
`my-prefix.cephfs.csi.ceph.com`, and for the NFS driver, the prefix will be
`my-prefix.nfs.csi.ceph.com`.

!!! note

>  Please be careful when setting the `CSI_DRIVER_NAME_PREFIX`

Reviewer: May need indentation of 4 spaces for the paragraph to get the rendered docs correctly

provisioner value should be `my-namespace.rbd.csi.ceph.com`. The same provisioner
name must be set in both the storageclass and snapshotclass.

To find the provisioner name in the example storageclasses and
volumesnapshotclass, search for: `# csi-provisioner-name`

> ## Configure custom Driver name prefix for CSI Drivers

Reviewer: This section seems like it needs to be combined with the previous section. How about making it a subsection?

```suggestion
### Configure custom Driver name prefix for CSI Drivers
```

provisioner value should be `my-namespace.rbd.csi.ceph.com`. The same provisioner
name must be set in both the storageclass and snapshotclass.

> search for `# csi-provisioner-name` in the [csi

Reviewer: The docs actually cannot use a relative path to the code because the docs are generated to a different site. I'd suggest no need for a link, we can have a simple comment like this:
```suggestion
To find the provisioner name in the example storage classes, search for: `# csi-provisioner-name`
```

example](../deploy/examples/csi/) folder and update the name of the
`provisioner`/`driver` as required.

> The following `sed` command can be used to update the provisioner name in the

Reviewer: In the interest of simple docs, I'd suggest not even including this example. Maintaining this sed will be difficult too.

csi example manifests:

```console
cd deploy/example/csi

export ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE=rook-ceph
sed -i.bak \
    -e "s/\(.*\): [-_A-Za-z0-9]*\.\(.*\) # csi-provisioner-name/\1: $ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE.\2 # csi-provisioner-name/g" \
    rbd/*storageclass*.yaml rbd/*snapshotclass*.yaml cephfs/*storageclass*.yaml cephfs/*snapshotclass*.yaml \
    nfs/*storageclass*.yaml nfs/*snapshotclass*.yaml
```

## Configure custom Driver name prefix for CSI Drivers

To use a custom prefix for the CSI drivers instead of the namespace prefix, set
the `CSI_DRIVER_NAME_PREFIX` environment variable in the operator configmap.
For instance, to use the prefix `my-prefix` for the CSI drivers, set
the following in the operator configmap:

```console
kubectl patch cm rook-ceph-operator-config -n rook-ceph -p $'data:\n "CSI_DRIVER_NAME_PREFIX": "my-prefix"'
```

Once the configmap is updated, the CSI drivers will be deployed with the
`my-prefix` prefix. The same prefix must be set in both the storageclass and
snapshotclass. For example, to use the prefix `my-prefix` for the

> CSI drivers, you can set the following in the storageclass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSI drivers, update the provisioner in the storageclass:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
  name: rook-ceph-block-sc
provisioner: my-prefix.rbd.csi.ceph.com
...
```

The same prefix must be set in the volumesnapshotclass as well:

```yaml
apiVersion: snapshot.storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: VolumeSnapshotClass
metadata:
  name: rook-ceph-block-vsc
driver: my-prefix.rbd.csi.ceph.com
...
```

When the prefix is set, the driver names will be:

* RBD: `my-prefix.rbd.csi.ceph.com`
* CephFS: `my-prefix.cephfs.csi.ceph.com`
* NFS: `my-prefix.nfs.csi.ceph.com`

!!! note
    Please be careful when setting the `CSI_DRIVER_NAME_PREFIX`
    environment variable. It should be done only in fresh deployments because
    changing the prefix in an existing cluster will result in unexpected behavior.

> search for `# csi-provisioner-name` in the [csi

Reviewer: Same suggestions as above for this section
